The Triforce is a sacred golden relic left behind by A Symbol of ultimate power created by the Golden Goddesses, Din, Nayru, and Farore. It balances the forces of Wisdom, Courage and Power.
The Master Sword also known as the Sword of Legend was created by the goddess Hylia and infused by the sacred flames to vanquish the evils that plagued Hyrule.
The Exalted Falcion is imbued with the power of the hero king himself. Awakened by the fire emblem, its powers rivaled that of Naga herself. It has the power to slay any dragon.
A blade forged from the desires of the many, its powers are forged to empower the proletariat and abolish the corrupt bourgeoisie. It has the power to achieve true equality.
Avalon was the final resting place King Artur was taken to after the battle of Camlann, where he was fatally wounded by his nephew Mordred.  
The wills of the people are the strongest during this trying time. Whilst the darken prey on the helpless, the will of a people is entrusted to you.
There remains a question as to the way to acheive true paradise. The way is symbolic of not just a dream, but a proletarian movement to rival the first great union.
The movement to acheive utopia requires power, this powers rests in every worker and every child. It's the means of production. 
This Ocarina was passed down generations in the royal family of Hyrule. It houses many secret powers and can be used by the hero of time to obtain the Sacred Sword.
This Sword looks to be from a bygone era, all of its surface save three triangles is covered in moss but its blade remains sharp nonetheless. 
This Kaiser's word is absolute, as is the curse of this sword. The blade of this sword is capable of endowing divine judgment on the fools that challenge the ideals of the true king.
The part of the triforce given to those who display true wisdom. 
The part of the triforce given to those who display true courage. 
The part of the triforce given to those who display true power. 
It was forged by the divine dragon ruler Naga to protect humanity from the earth dragons, and is later adopted by the kingdoms Archanea and Ylisse as a relic of the realm used to oppose the antagonistic dragons Medeus and Grima
During the war against the fell Dragons, the leader of the Divine Dragons, Naga, created weapons from her own fangs. One became the base for the Fire Emblem; the other was forged into the weapon that was later named Falchion.
This sword has remarkable strength considering diamonds can be cut easily. The square shape is questionable.
A blade forged by forces of light and dark, an amalgamtion of many blades.
A Scythe that steals the souls of its victims, it empowers the user based on gathered souls.
The blessing of the divine dragon Mila, also known as the Earth mother. Her blessing is said to bestow great harvests.
The Elucidator is a one handed longsword made of obsidian. It is remarkably strong considering obsidian shatters easily.
A sword named after the greatest swordmith of Japan, Goro Nyudo Masamune. Though it posseses no magical properties, its quality is unmatched.
A longsword made of titanium.
This blade is said to heal its user by draining the blood of its victims.
A blade handed down by generations of kings.
The title of a knight is not only in name.
A leather helmet woven in fine quality.
A Regular iron sword.
This sword is given to new recruits, its dull but can be used as a blunt weapon
Who the hell makes a sword out of stone?
A box... Made of cardboard..... Tf?
A sword made of wood, Cant even cut a potato... 
Ur Shirt,  Atleast your keeping your skin safe in the sun...